Fix SC.Y success/failure value in description (#1121)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/insns/store_cond_cap_32bit.adoc

+
Conditionally store the YLEN-bit value in `{cs2}`, together with its {ctag}, to the naturally aligned memory location, following the same rules as SC.W.
+

> Set rd to 0 for success or 1 for failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set rd to 0 for success or non-zero for failure.
```

this follows the unpriv manual
